Okay, so now let's
talk about Secrets Manager.
So this is a newer kind of service and it is meant
for storing secrets, as the name indicates.
So Secrets Manager is a great way to store secrets,
but on top of it, you can force the rotation
of these secrets, I mean, they have to change
every X number of days.
For example, you can say, "Okay, every 90 days,
I want to change my passwords."
And so, you can do this in Secrets Manager.
You can automate the generation
of these secrets using Lambda.
And it has an integration with Amazon RDS.
So using the Secrets Manager, we can create
the passwords for Amazon RDS automatically.
The secrets are going to be encrypted using KMS,
that we just saw from before, automatically.
And so from an exam perspective,
anytime you see a secret to be managing in RDS
and to be rotated, you have to think about Secrets Manager.
It is a paid service,
but I'll just show you how it works very briefly.
So let's find the Secrets Manager UI.
So I'll go into Secrets Manager and from there,
I will be able to create and manage secrets.
So as you can see, they can be rotated, they can be managed,
and retrieved throughout their lifecycle.
I'm going to store a new secret
and if you see, before the pricing,
it says it's 40 cents per secret per month
and then you're going to pay for API call,
but you get a 30-day free trial available.
So we can store a new secret
and the secret can be a credential for a database,
for example, for RDS or for Redshift
or for another database or for another type of secret.
So this is where you can enter
whatever you want as a secret.
But, for example, as with for RDS database,
you need to specify the user name and the password,
as well as how the secret will be encrypted
and which RDS database will be linked to that secret.
So we can't do this right now
because we don't have an RDS database,
but if we wanted to store just a random kind of secret,
we could say password and then here
you could say MYSECRETPASSWORD.
And this will be the value of our secret.
And then you just choose, again,
how you would encrypt that secret.
Then you would click on next
and then you would give the secret a name,
for example, myproductionapplicationpassword,
which is a terrible name and then you click on next
and then when you're ready, you can configure the secret.
So, do you want it to have automatic rotation or not?
And yes, I want it.
I want it to be rotating every 30 days, for example,
and then choose the Lambda function
that will be rotating the password for me.
So you would need to create it in advance.
When you're done, you can review everything
and see that yes, we have created a secret,
it will have some secret value,
automatic rotation is enabled using a Lambda function
and then you can see some sample code
to retrieve the secrets in our applications.
I won't go with creating a secret, but you get the idea
and this is all you need to know about the Secrets Manager.
So that's it.
I will cancel this and I will see you in the next lecture.